quick parse the old datapack file structure for any other relevant notes

TODO list
    reword actions to not give ability context
        fortune teller should just get a result yes or no
        and should pick 2 players without being told why
    TODO check that dialog holdups in grimoire don't prevent main
        from healing players and changing channels
    Add action logging to night actions and setup
    add exile voting system for travelers nominated (check rulebook)
    add all current roles to role_ids.yaml
    Build current gamestate in grimoire by parsing all player and role data
        reminder tokens and auto ability results will be missing.
        find a way to catch, store, and present them while game is live
    apprentice role will override all night actions,
        check if it hasn't acted yet,
        ask the storyteller what role ability to give them,
        recieves a new role construction from the grimoire,
        assigns that roles performer to them,
        then does that roles respective action
    use achievement screen to build grimoire?
    build vote system overide mechanics for judge and voudon

    update spigot
    fix world spawn angle
    init static voice channels automatically without modification of files
    add ability to see voice channel when you are in it
    get nickname plugin for the server that can be adjusted via API
    reset used datapack "variables" and gut the tower
    grimoire script viewer and creator
    maintain codebase to allow for custom roles to be added in
    auto setup
        houses
        roles
        storyteller manual setup/ adjustment mode
    player locations viewer map
        for storyteller to keep tabs (and for players?)
    spawn protection to prevent player item theft
    in game role descriptions viewer
    accommodation for legion role
    storyteller soundboard
    cinematic player deaths
    players can voice chat at night toggle
    player speaking privileges revoker setting (for nomination and votes)
    reduce player information at night
        prevent player audio at night (nobody else hears your door spam)
    prevent player spawn resetting
    enhanced spectate system for non players?
    game stats tracking
        game summary(outline? playByPlay? replay? overview? recap? report?)
    end game method
    flashback game recordings?

